c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\BusinessAutomation.dll.config
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\BusinessAutomation.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\BusinessAutomation.pdb
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\obj\Debug\BusinessAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\obj\Debug\BusinessAutomation.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\obj\Debug\BusinessAutomation.pdb
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\natalya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusinessAutomation\BusinessAutomation\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
